#goblins
## What are Goblins
Goblins can vary greatly in appearance, but generally they are small humanoid creatures with green skin that stand between three and four feet tall and weighing between 40 and 60 pounds. While intelligent and capable of learning new skills and languages, it is unclear if they have a sense of self-awareness. All goblins seek to destroy civilization and possibly the world. Luckily, individual goblins are rather weak, but their population must be kept in check to prevent them from becoming too powerful and developing more powerful variants. Goblins are tricky creatures, using stealth and hit-and-run tactics whenever possible. 

## Goblin Origins
In all honesty, I have no idea where goblins came from. Every country, city, and town I visited had a different myth or myths. One town I visited said they were created by angry nature spirits as revenge against some loggers. Some say that they were born from the blood of a god who had been killed with a poisoned arrow. Others believe that they are spirits of destruction given physical form. However, one thing we know for sure is that goblins seek to destroy all civilization and are near impossible to permanently eradicate.

## Goblin Biology
Through a series of alchemical and magical experiments I and other scholars have determined that Goblins are a strange combination of animal and fungus. Further research and secondhand accounts indicate that they are more animal than fungus as they are still affected by spells which can typically only affect humanoid creatures. Their skin is similar to that of humans but notably thinner and more flexible. In terms of body fat, they have none. Any appearance of body fat on a goblin actually appears to be an additional layer of loose skin which likely serves to protect their internal organs. This is most notable in ogres which has caused many an unfortunate adventurer to attempt a gut stab only to have their blade lodged in the creature. Regarding muscles, they are strangely springy which is theorized to contribute to their great agility, but they appear to be weaker by mass compared to that of the mortal races. Interestingly, their bones are partially hollow and aren’t really bones as they are strong but brittle like the exoskeleton of giant insects. 

Another notable aspect of goblins is their digestive system, or rather lack thereof. Unlike normal creatures which have a series of organs that transfer food through the body, goblins appear to only have some form of stomach. Through the dissection of many goblins, I have surmised that they are actually using the food they consume for energy, and any material not fully dissolved is later regurgitated and spread near their goblin moss. This is most likely done to help the goblin moss grow similarly to how we use manure to improve our crop yields.

  
## Goblin Moss
Goblin moss is how goblins, for lack of a better term, reproduce although it's more like a fungus than actual moss. It can grow on most surfaces, but is most commonly found in moist caves and rotten wood. If not destroyed, goblin moss will develop small pods. These small pods will slowly grow larger and larger until they eventually burst, releasing a full grown goblin. 
## Common Goblin Variants
### Hobgoblins    
Based on several accounts, this type of goblin variant arises as a result of fighting more well trained opponents. They stand slightly below the height of the average human male with similar muscle mass. They tend to stand hunched as though their body is not made to carry the additional weight of their forms. Unlike normal goblins, hobgoblins tend to prefer martial weapons such as shortsword and axes as wells as crossbow. They also tend to wear actual armor as opposed to the scraps normal goblins wear. While still weaker than the average solider, one should never underestimate them as they usually attack in groups and have maintained their goblin trickery.  
### Ogre
Often confused with hill-giants, this goblin variant is large and appears fat. However, this apparent “fat” is actually layers of extra skin which makes them surprisingly durable and more resistant to blunt force damage. They typically stand between 10 and 15 feet tall. Most Ogres are a bit dumber than normal goblins with autopsies showing that their brains are the same size of normal goblins despite being multiple times their size.

### Squalls
In addition to goblins, Goblin moss can spawn creatures known as Squalls. These creatures resemble large, red featherless chickens with worm-like tails. They are completely flightless and have pointed bone tips on the end of their “wings” while their “beaks” contain rows of pointy teeth. Squalls are roughly the size of an emu, making them perfect mounts for goblins.